[music]
um a little resistance in your life.
The urge to force a Mr. Hyde comes out
or whatever we've been playing with
here. But it's usually a sign that your
lineup is not quite right with what's
unfolding. you're not quite in sync with
what's happening. And if you listen and
whatever you're doing here, you're
blending, you're harmonizing, you're
working with, you're enjoying it,
whatever, whatever it [music] is. Now,
let's do
uh the hard one, Nico,
because this one I just everybody just
wants to kill on this one,
but if you're [music] listening, you
don't need to. So, I say every technique
should be coinag.
Um, as Bob emphasizes, palm up as they
grab
and give them a second. And again, we
haven't warmed up on this one. So, kind
of get it. And then just a little bit of
resistance
and a lot of listening.
Okay.
And we would in the Marshall thing do
all that. And you [music] always should
have some time where you practice the
martial edge and do it. I wouldn't do it
here. [snorts] I' I'd do it here. Now,
if he comes into punch, he puts the Nico
on himself. [music] So, do practice with
that Marshall intention. But I'm really
right now, I'm just focusing [music] on
[sighs]
[gasps]
listening.
Okay.
Um [music]
[music]
Mr. Seaitto when I trained with Mr.
Silto I asked him what's the essence of
Iikido and what's the purpose of
training and he said oh sensei taught
since the very beginning Iikido is and
then whatever [clears throat] he said
the translator [music]
translated as non-resistance
but I know he meant listening okay go
ahead
>> [music]